docs: fix environment API wording (#21802)
vitejs/vite: docs/guide/api-environment.md

- `client`: runs the app in the browser.
- `ssr`: runs the app in node (or other server runtimes) which renders pages before sending them to the browser.

> In dev, Vite executes the server code in the same Node process as the Vite dev server, giving a close approximation to the production environment. However, it is also possible for servers to run in other JS runtimes, like [Cloudflare's workerd](https://github.com/cloudflare/workerd) which have different constraints. Modern apps may also run in more than two environments, e.g. a browser, a node server, and an edge server. Vite 5 didn't allow us to properly represent these environments.

Reviewer: I think we want to avoid using "us" in this section. Maybe this?

```suggestion
In dev, Vite executes the server code in the same Node process as the Vite dev server, giving a close approximation to the production environment. However, it is also possible for servers to run in other JS runtimes, like [Cloudflare's workerd](https://github.com/cloudflare/workerd) which have different constraints. Modern apps may also run in more than two environments, e.g. a browser, a node server, and an edge server. Vite 5 didn't allow these environments to be properly represented.
```
